I have this organization of 10 different
OpenClaw agents doing work for me 24/7,
365. It literally creates me value all
day and even when I sleep. I'm literally
the CEO of my own AI company. In this
video, I'll show you how to do the exact
same thing. I'll show you how to build
your own AI organization, determine
which agents do what, and which models
you should be using to save tons of
money. By the end of this video, you'll
be your own AI agent CEO with an army of
AI agents creating value for you at all
times. Let's lock in and get into it.
So, what you're seeing here, I believe,
is the future of work. Every person
having an army of AI agents working for
them. I've had them going for weeks now,
writing me newsletters, building apps,
scripting videos, finding trending
topics, getting me news the moment
things break. I've been working a
hundred times more efficiently because
of this company working for me. These
are all open claw agents and sub aents
just continuously around the clock doing
things. What we are going to go through
is how you can set up this same exact
team as well. How to determine which
agents sub aents to use, what they
should be doing, and help you figure out
some use cases that will be helpful for
you. If you're watching this right now,
you probably only have one open claw
going. And that's totally fine. 99.9% of
people have the same exact setup, just
one open claw that you kind of talk to
and it does things for you. But the
ideal state of Open Claw is what you see
here. Having multiple agents reporting
to each other and having an entire
hierarchy of sub agents that report in
and do work for you. So the first thing
we're going to do as we build out this
AI organization is determine what we
want our organization to look like. What
sub agents we need, what agents we need,
what models they need to run on, and how
you're going to communicate with all
them. This will help set it up so you're
getting tons of value out of your
organization. This is going to help you
get way more work done, automate way
more of your work, and just make a lot
more money. So, you have your open claw
right now. I call this my chief of
staff. This is Henry. This is running on
Opus 46. But what we want to do now is
determine who our first employee will be
under your open claw. A lot of people
try to rush in and they try to just
build five sub agents right off the bat
that do all these different things. That
is a massive mistake. You want to start
one step at a time. We want to find one
sub agent that does one use case very
well and then we can layer on sub agents
after. It's like the people that run off
and buy like 20 Mac minis to start. It's
a mistake. Start with one. Start very
small and narrow and then we layer on
after. But how do you know what your
first sub agent should be and what their
role should be and what model they
should be using? That depends entirely
on what your day-to-day tasks are. If
you're a coder, you should probably
build a coding sub aent that does work
for you. If you're a content creator,
you should have a writing sub agent. If
you're a researcher, you should probably
have a researching sub agent that does
work for you 24/7. If you're not sure
which one to go with, I recommend
setting up a coding sub agent. This is a
sub agent that's spun up anytime you
need an app built. And it doesn't matter
if you're a coder or not. You should be
building apps with your OpenClaw at all
times. It is really easy to do. You
don't need coding knowledge. So if if
you don't know which sub aent you want
to build right away, let's start with a
coding sub aent. Real quick before we
create that sub aent, we're going to
want to determine which model it runs
on. This is a big advantage to setting
up a organization like this is you can
have the right model doing the right
task at the right time which will save
you money. If you do everything with
claude or everything with Chad GBT, it's
going to be very expensive. So for
orchestration, the best model is Opus
46. for coding, which is going to be the
agent we set up next. Chad GBT 5.4 is
going to be the best. It's going to be
the most impactful and also be
incredibly costefficient. Doing
everything with Opus is just going to be
wildly expensive. And then research and
writing, you can go with a super cheap
model here. You can go with one of the
Chinese models like Kimmy or Quen. I
prefer local models. We'll get more into
that later in the video on local models
and how that fits into this. Or you can
even do open router and choose like a
really cheap model on open router. But
we're going to go with chat GBT 5.4 for
this because we are going to set up a
coding sub agent. Then I'll show you how
to set up other sub aents after like
researchers, writers, things like that.
But I still recommend Opus 46 as your
orchestrator. If you got kicked off
OOTH, then I recommend Sonnet as your
orchestrator and just using the API,
which shouldn't be too expensive. But
this is huge to know and huge to use
because if you use the right models for
the right tasks, you're going to save so
much money and get way better results.
Don't just use one model for everything.
So, I'm here in my orchestrator agent.
My orchestrator agent was spamming me
all day and night over a coding task
that kind of crashed, but we cleaned
that up. Let's talk about how to spin up
this sub agent. This sub agent is going
to be our first employee. So, we're
going to say this to our main
orchestrator, OpenClaw. So, here's the
prompt. I'll put it down below in the
description. Feel free to pause here and
paste it in and work alongside with me.
It's probably the best way to consume
these videos. I want to build a sub
agent that you will use for all coding
activities. Anytime you need to code
something, you will use this sub agent.
Please name the sub aent JSON or
whatever you want to use and have it run
on chat GPT 5.4. Let me know what we
need to do to set up the OOTH or API
key. So, this is going to do a few very
interesting things. This is going to put
in your open claws memory that every
time it needs to code, it's going to
spin up this sub agent. It's also going
to assign a model to this sub aent. So
in the config of openclaw, you don't
need to worry about it. It assigns
models to all the different sub aents it
uses. So it is going to assign Chad GBT
5.4 for that, which I think at the
moment is the best coding model and also
very costefficient. And then it's also
saying, hey, help me set this up. So it
either ask you for an API key or give
you the link to OOTH or walk you through
how to do that. Hitting enter on this
will have your open claw set it up. You
never want to set up things on your own.
You always have your orchestrator agent
do it. If you go in and you're changing
config files, there's a very good chance
you'll break your entire OpenClaw. You
don't want to do that. Just have
OpenClaw configure everything itself.
You hit enter on this and it is going to
set up your sub agent that we used for
every single coding task. Once you do
that, you can test it out. So you can
say, "Hey, build me a quick snake game
app." Or, "Hey, build me a quick 3D
firstperson shooter." And it will say,
"Okay, spinning up JSON to code that out
for you." And you can confirm that it
worked. You now did two things. You made
it so your whole entire setup is more
efficient because you're using sub
agents. And I'll go into the advantages
of sub agents in a second. But you're
also saving money because you're not
using Claude for every single task.
Claude is by far the most expensive
model. So if you're using Claude as your
main orchestrator, you don't want to be
using it for everything. You're saving
money because because you're using the
right models for the right tasks. I
usually get this question a lot. Should
I be setting up multiple open claws?
Should I be setting up separate sub
aents? What's the best model? There's so
many advantages to sub aents. My setup
is kind of complex. I have open claws. I
have sub aents. I'm keeping this
beginner friendly for now, but right now
sub aents are a big advantage because
one parallel work your open claw can
spin up to five sub aents at a time. So
that's five sub aents that could be
doing work at the same time. So it's
getting work done faster. You're saving
money because you can use again the
right models for the right tasks. Each
one of these sub aents get their own
context window. So if you have your main
open claw doing everything, it can get
confused and slow down because it's
having context in its context window
about every task it's doing. Sub agents
keep the context windows clean. Failure
protection. So if any of the sub aents
ever crash, your orchestrator agent can
just figure out what's going on and fix
it. If your main orchestrator agent ever
crashed because you have it doing 20
things at once, everything's toast. So,
it's good insurance to be using sub
agents. And then auto archive. So, when
agents are done, when sub agents are
done, they can just get shut down and
cleaned up so things keep moving
smoother. So, that's why we're setting
up sub agents here and not multiple open
claws. So, we got our first sub agent
set up. They're doing some coding work
for us. Next, let's add some things to
our mission control that make this all a
lot more organized. If you haven't set
up a mission control yet, I'll put a
video down below for setting up a
mission control. I just filmed it last
week in Japan about how to get this set
up. You should definitely see that if
you haven't yet, you can watch that
right after this. But I want to show you
a few things you can set up to be better
organized here. Number one is this team
screen. This is an org structure. I like
setting this up once you're spinning up
sub aents because this does a couple of
things. One, it keeps you organized, so
you know which sub aents are in charge
of what, but two, it also keeps your
orchestrator agent organized. Henry, at
any point when it needs to do work, can
come in here and check to see which sub
agent it needs to give work to. Henry's
the boss. I don't tell it which sub
aents to use. It figures it out on its
own. And because I have this team
screen, it can figure out on its own
which sub agents it needs to give work
to. So, what you're going to want to do
is you're going to want to go to your
main orchestrator agent and you're going
to want to say to it, I want a screen in
our mission control that shows our
entire team structure, showing each sub
agent, each agent, what model they're
working on, and what their
responsibilities are. This will keep you
super organized, and you'll be able to
check at any time like this as you scale
up. It's a lot easier to scale up and
add more sub agents when you have a
clear picture of what these agents are.
In a second, I'll go through setting up
a third sub agent, fourth sub agent, and
show you how to give them tasks that are
really, really helpful. But I want to
show you a couple more screens here. And
real quick before we do that, every
Friday, by the way, I run a live boot
camp in the Vibe Coding Academy. I go
through my mission control. I go through
my sub agents. So, you have any
questions for me, feel free to join the
Vibe Coding Academy down below and you
can join the live sessions and ask me
questions live. They're a lot of fun. A
lot of people enjoy. There's over like a
thousand people in there now. But
anyway, back to this. This is the
calendar view. This is an important
screen to set up as well. This will
allow you to track every scheduled task
your sub agents are doing. So, one of
the great things you can do with your
sub agents, again, I'll show you how to
do it in a second, is schedule task with
them, right? So, I have different things
on here. I have a sub agent that looks
at trends every day at noon, see what's
trending on X, on YouTube. I have sub
agents that write me morning briefs. I
have sub agents that write me scripts
for YouTube videos. And I can come in
here in this calendar screen and see
every task that is scheduled, every
crown job that's scheduled by every sub
aent. So you want to set up a calendar
screen. Again, very, very simple. You go
to your open call, say, "Hey, I want a
calendar screen in my mission control.
Please build that out that shows all the
scheduled tasks and crown jobs all our
agents and sub aents have." You hit
enter on that. Boom. You're good to go.
You get something that looks like this.
If you want, by the way, you can pause
at any time, screenshot this, and
actually give it to your OpenClaw and
say, "Hey buddy, build this." And it
will spin up your new coding sub agent
to build this out. So, if you think
these look good, I spent a lot of time
making sure these look good. Feel free
to screenshot it, send it to your OpenCL
agent. And lastly, this is my favorite
screen. There's not much utility to this
screen, but it is a lot of fun. And hey,
you're allowed to have fun when using
AI, and this is the office view. This
allows me to see each agent working,
each agent walking around doing
different tasks for me in real time.
It's a good way. I just have this up as
I'm working during the day and I can
peek over, oh what are my agents doing?
What's Ralph doing? What's Codex doing?
And I can see that all happening here.
So, you should also be building out an
office screen like this. It's just fun
and you're allowed to have fun. Feel
free to screenshot this. Give it to your
open client. Say, "Hey, can you build me
a 2D pixel art view of all my agents
working? I'd love to track my agents
doing work." give this to them and
you'll have this really cool screen set
up. So, you got your coding agent set
up. Let's set up a couple more that
would be helpful for you here and then
I'll show you how to get really custom
and figure out other agents you need.
But, let's talk about a researcher.
Let's set up a researcher sub agent.
Odds are you care about something going
on in the world that's current. If
you're watching this video, if you watch
my channel, you probably care about AI
and current AI news and trends. So, you
should set up a researcher agent.
Everyone should have one. This
researcher agent for me goes out every
morning and finds what's trending in
openclaw and vibe coding. So, here's
what I like to do. I want to build a sub
agent that you will use for all research
activities. Every morning at 8 a.m.,
please have the sub agent search the web
to find trending news about AI and vibe
coding and AI agents. Also, please put
them in our AI agent org chart in
mission control. Please use Quen 3.5 for
this sub agent or whatever model you
want to use. I think the cheap Chinese
models are great for this activity, but
it's up to you what you want to use. I
personally use a local model that's
local on my computer running 24/7, so it
cost me $0, but that's up to you. You
hit enter on this, and now you'll have a
task scheduled every morning at 8 a.m.
where your sub agent will go out and
find trending news for you. I like this
because it helps me stay on top of what
the newest AI tools are so I can use
them, so I can show it to you guys. If
you want more helpful AI videos like
this, feel free to hit subscribe and
turn on notifications down below. All I
do is make amazing AI videos. So again,
this is now going to set up a scheduled
event for your agent. Every morning at
8:00 a.m., your agent is going to go in
and they will be doing these tasks for
you. So, as you can see here, if my
trend radar is at noon, yours could be
at 8 a.m. whenever you want. And now you
can look at your calendar screen and see
exactly what your agents are up to and
when they have tasks coming up. Now you
can start to see how this organization
is coming together, right? We set up
some basic agents, right? If you set up
two, you're good. You don't need to have
20 like I do just now. You have them
going, you see the results, and as they
go, you think of more use cases you can
have them do. And you slowly layer on on
top that. You don't want to do a
thousand at once. I hate these videos
where the creator goes, "Oh, you got to
set up this army of 50 different sub
aents. here's a GitHub repo of 50
different sub aents that will do work
for you and like no that is I think that
is the biggest mistake because it's
going to overwhelm you. You're not going
to know what the hell is going on and
it's going to turn you off and cause you
to use none of it. The best way to
approach this is one agent at a time,
one sub agent, one coding sub agent. It
builds you some things. Then you add on
one research agent. Then from there you
can start doing really interesting
things. You can have a thumbnail
designer. It doesn't have to be a
thumbnail designer. It could be just any
sort of visual designer you want. This
could be powered by Nano Banana. And
every time you do something, maybe you
find a new story, maybe your content
creator, your researcher agent finds a
new story, it hands it off to your
visual designer and that creates a
thumbnail for something or a visual for
something, right? We start to slowly add
to the organization. Maybe you run a
business and you have an ex account, a
YouTube account. You want a sub agent to
manage those things. You slowly layer on
another sub agent, a social media
manager. You do this one step at a time.
I wouldn't add more than two in your
first week. Master those two, get them
in your workflows, and then you can
layer on from there. Let's talk about
customization real quick. I showed you
some basic use cases, coding, research.
What it comes down to is you want this
organization to be custom to you. And
the best way to do this, again, if you
watch my videos, this is going to be
like the 10,000th time you heard this.
Reverse prompting. Reverse prompting is
when instead of you telling what the AI
to do, you ask it what you can do based
on what you know about me, my goals, my
workflows, what would be some good sub
agents we can spin up and assign. Your
open cloud knows way more about you than
I do. So, it will know based on all your
conversations which sub agents you
should set up. It'll give you a list.
Choose just one, have it set up, and
start using it. This is going to be the
best way to set up your own AI
organization. Feel free to copy me. I
don't recommend it because me and you
are probably different people with
different workflows, but you can copy me
to start, but always make sure you
reverse prompt so you can set up your
own custom organization. Let's also talk
about future state real quick here. What
I think the future of all of this is,
and I think the future of all of this is
local AI. Right now, if you have sub
agents going 24/7, 365, it could get
pricey. It could use up a lot of your
limits. That's why I think local AI is
so important. This is my setup here. I
have three Mac Studios, a DJX Spark, and
a Mac Mini. You don't need to do this.
You don't need to run out. This is like
$40,000 computers. You don't need to do
that. You can start small with one
computer, one DJX Spark, right? Load a
model onto it and have that model
handling one of your sub agents
activities. Maybe you load up Quen on
there and then Quen 3.5 handles all your
research. Now you've offloaded one
specific task to a local model that will
cost you 0.0 in tokens. Yes, you're
spending some money upfront for the
computer, but now in perpetuity till the
end of time, it can do work for you 24/7
without costing you anything. This is
what I believe is the future. Having
swarms of local agents constantly all
day and night doing work for you because
it's going to cost you a little bit of
money up front, but no money after that.
If you were to swarm a hundred sub
agents doing work 24/7, you're probably
paying thousands and thousands and
thousands of dollars a year. If you buy
computers, it's just one upfront cost
and then it cost you nothing after that.
This is what I think the future state
is. I'd recommend thinking about this
and think about how you can slowly layer
this into your workflow. But this is
what I believe the future state is. Hey,
I'm open to disagreement if you want to
let me know that I'm stupid. I don't
care. But this is what I think is the
future and this is what I'm investing
in. I really hope this was helpful. In
the next video, I'm going to talk about
building your own AI research lab, how
you can have your sub agents actually
training models for you. It's a little
advanced. If you think that's too much,
let me know down below. If you want to
see that, let me know down below. It's a
little bit outside of what I normally
do, so I want to get feedback before I
film it. So, let me know down below. If
you have any other questions for me, I'm
always in the Vibe Coding Academy. You
can post questions in there. There's
also a thousand people to answer your
questions, too. It's a whole community
of OpenClaw and Claude Code people. link
for that down below. Make sure to join.
Hope this was helpful.